README.md, before:


# Speed Terminal (Beta)

Typing speed test generator, powered by Wikipedia API. [Live Demo](https://speed-terminal.netlify.app/) | [Component Docs](https://speed-terminal.netlify.app/docs).

## Details

[Speed terminal](https://speed-terminal.netlify.app/) is a single-page **react** based project aimed to test your typing speed on a computer keyboard.

![HOME](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1wQVqx0xm_AHaC3qamr2jB7A8pBK2oddp)

The app **doesn't have pages**, but instead every section is a **standalone window**, so navigating through the app is similar to navigating a computer: by opening, moving, minimizing or closing windows.
![PAGES](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1ifD0CaHd97eXzzqVu8pY8WoEJNuh8giY)

To **generate** a typing speed test click on **Start** the main menu, from there you can configure your test or just leave the defaults and click **start test** button.
🎲 **NOTE:** You can select specific topics by clicking **Topic** in **Generate Test** menu, which will open a popup window where you can fetch **Wikipedia** summery section of the topic you're interested in.
![PAGES](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1vxt7JAGo3MuvB31ImsJ0ht1o6of41GV8)

The app includes a **game mode** rendered using **WebGL** with the help of **Pixi.js**.
![GAME-MODE](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1N5Lrp3VBfIF5NmI1JlvI9lcLlYkPNFUs)

The project is still in BETA stage, but it will be improved over time with plans to add many cool features, such as: Accounts and Settings, Themes (Window XP, Macintosh System 1, type writer...ect), Sound Effects, Multiplayer Games...more.
![ROAD-MAP](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1TK-1ahOQALkp9v9ofIv51itnK_4vGY_r)

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

### `gulp watch`

Watch for SCSS file changes and update app styles on the go

### `gulp buildStyles`

Build app's CSS styles from SCSS files

### `gulp generateDocumentation`

Build app's documentation using JSDoc

## Other Projects

Check out my portfolio website [here](https://merouane-bali.netlify.app/).

Commit message:

add: design system & documentation to README.md

README.md, after:


# Speed Terminal (Beta)

Typing speed test generator, powered by Wikipedia API. [Live Demo](https://speed-terminal.netlify.app/) | [Component Docs](https://speed-terminal.netlify.app/docs).

## Details

[Speed terminal](https://speed-terminal.netlify.app/) is a single-page **react** based project aimed to test your typing speed on a computer keyboard.

![HOME](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1wQVqx0xm_AHaC3qamr2jB7A8pBK2oddp)

The app **doesn't have pages**, but instead every section is a **standalone window**, so navigating through the app is similar to navigating a computer: by opening, moving, minimizing or closing windows.
![PAGES](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1ifD0CaHd97eXzzqVu8pY8WoEJNuh8giY)

To **generate** a typing speed test click on **Start** the main menu, from there you can configure your test or just leave the defaults and click **start test** button.
🎲 **NOTE:** You can select specific topics by clicking **Topic** in **Generate Test** menu, which will open a popup window where you can fetch **Wikipedia** summery section of the topic you're interested in.
![PAGES](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1vxt7JAGo3MuvB31ImsJ0ht1o6of41GV8)

The app includes a **game mode** rendered using **WebGL** with the help of **Pixi.js**.
![GAME-MODE](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1N5Lrp3VBfIF5NmI1JlvI9lcLlYkPNFUs)

The project is still in BETA stage, but it will be improved over time with plans to add many cool features, such as: Accounts and Settings, Themes (Window XP, Macintosh System 1, type writer...ect), Sound Effects, Multiplayer Games...more.
![ROAD-MAP](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1TK-1ahOQALkp9v9ofIv51itnK_4vGY_r)

## Design System

The design system for this project is not well done so I won't make it public for now

![FIGMA](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1VhY8zY2BzO2s1RbDS9QiyHqmll-pWjb2)

## Documentation

To view the projects **component based documentation** build using **JSDoc** click [DOCUMENTATION](https://speed-terminal.netlify.app/docs/).

![DOCUMENTATION](https://drive.google.com/uc?export=view&id=1vGTEFt-205NmjnLPSlzEWykb9DuSEXAQ)

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

### `gulp watch`

Watch for SCSS file changes and update app styles on the go

### `gulp buildStyles`

Build app's CSS styles from SCSS files

### `gulp generateDocumentation`

Build app's documentation using JSDoc

## Other Projects

Check out my portfolio website [here](https://merouane-bali.netlify.app/).
